DOCSP-44657-mongosync-latency-performance (#514)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/reference/mongosync/mongosync-behavior.txt

For more information on DDL operations, see
:ref:`txn-prod-considerations-ddl`. 

Network Latency
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Network latency or long physical distances between migration components
can negatively affect sync speed.

> Latency between ``mongosync`` and destination shards
>   For each change event that ``mongosync`` applies, ``mongosync`` does 
>   an extra roundtrip to its metadata stored on the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latency between ``mongosync`` and destination shards
  For each operation on the source cluster ``mongosync`` does 
  two roundtrips to the destination server. The larger the latency, the slower the sync.
```

Latency between destination shards

>   For each change event that ``mongosync`` applies, it must access a 
>   document that may live on a different shard. This can result in many
>   cross-shard transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Mongosync writes operations and updates its own metadata on the destination cluster in batches in a transaction. This can result in cross-shard transactions, which may be more costly if the shards are far apart.
```

> Latency between a destination shards’ nodes
>   ``mongosync`` must use :writeconcern:`"majority"` writes, which 
>   require acknowledgement from multiple nodes within a shard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latency between the nodes of each individual replica set on the source or destination
  ``mongosync`` uses :writeconcern:`"majority"` writes and use :readconcern:`"majority"` , which 
  require acknowledgement from multiple nodes in a replica set. If majority of these nodes aren't in the same region, there will be negative performance implications
```

For more information on DDL operations, see
:ref:`txn-prod-considerations-ddl`. 

Network Latency
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Network latency or long physical distances between migration components
can negatively affect sync speed.

Latency between ``mongosync`` and destination shards
  For each operation on the source cluster, ``mongosync`` does two 
  roundtrips to the destination server. The larger the latency, the 
  slower the sync.

Latency between destination shards

>   Mongosync writes operations and updates its own metadata on the 
>   destination cluster in batches in a transaction. This can result in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Mongosync does operations and updates its own metadata in batches in a transaction on the 
  destination cluster. This can result in 
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!

  cross-shard transactions, which may be more costly if the shards are 
  far apart.

> Latency between the nodes of each individual replica set on the source or destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latency between the nodes of any replica set (including shard backing replica set) on the source or destination cluster
```

Author: Updated, but added the parenthetical info to the body of the text to keep the title length manageable.

  ``mongosync`` uses :writeconcern:`"majority"` writes and 

>   :readconcern:`"majority"` reads, which require acknowledgement from 

Reviewer: I don't think majority has to be in quotes

Author: Looks like we use ``"majorirty"`` pretty consistently throughout the docs, so I'm going to retain this.
